# Part 1:  Focus on a topic leading towards a product/outcome

* Identifying a goal - a final outcome or product
* Selecting a global context to define the goal
* Creating a set of specific criteria to measure the quality of the porject final outcome or product

### Questions
*27 Jan 2018*

- What will my outcome or product look like?

The outcome of my project will be a specialized programming environment/setup in both hardware and software.

- What type of components will I use

> PC Building
> * PCPartpicker to collate parts
> * Parts (CPU, GPU, RAM, etc)
> * Phillips Screwdriver
> * Thermal Paste

> Linux Distribution 
> * GNU/Linux Coreutils
> * Linux Kernel
> * Git Version Control
> * A window manager / tile manager
> * Package Manager 

> Programming Language 
> * Lexer
> * Parser Generator
> * Compiler

- What techniques/approaches will I use?

> * Abstraction 
> * Generics
> * Modular Programming
> * Extensibility
> * The Unix Philosophy

- What type of information will I include?

- How will I present the information?

- Will I include visuals?

- Do I need to consider any copyright or intellectual property issues? ▪ Who is the audience?

> GNU/Linux and its deriatives are automatically under the GNU Public License, which is a copyleft license. This license places a large emphasis on **freedom** (free as in speech) and power to the the user. It entails that all source code must be made somewhat available to the user, so that the user may modify however they decide to. Apart from these requirements, there aren't really any issues that I need to consider. 
> 
> The audience, as in the spirit of GNU/Linux, is anyone who wishes to empower themselves and use *free* software.

- How will I get feedback?

> I can get surface level feedback by asking people around me to try the system. However to get deeper feedback, I'd have to mostly rely on my own experience and other people who may decide to go throw the hassle of installing a new operating system. It'd be relatively easy to get feedback for the programming language since it should be easy to install.

- What do I already know about my project?



# Collaboration with supervisor


# General Entries
